9:31 M

Q data science

ל יוון

23

Az állás részletei

EWOR is launching cutting-edge new initiatives, and we are looking for exceptional operators and

builders to join our new department.

We are backed and led by serial entrepreneurs, including Paul Müller (founder of Adjust, €1.2B exit) and Petter Made (founder of SumUp, €8B), who have built high-impact technology and

category-defining ventures from the ground up.

What We Offer

• Maximum ownership: Complete autonomy to architect systems, drive strategy, and build from 0 to 1 without corporate red tape.

• High-growth environment: Complete focus on achieving strong market validation and scalable traction as fast as possible. No PowerPoint presentations, no 7 layers of approval. Good ideas and fast execution are what matter.

•

Elite team: Report directly to the department founder and collaborate with a world-class team of engineers, researchers, and commercial

leaders.

• Competitive compensation & upside: Attractive compensation with equity upside.

Tasks

• You will lead and execute core 0-to-1 initiatives in cutting-edge domains such as Al Research Lab. • You will translate high-level strategic vision into concrete execution roadmaps, driving rapid implementation from prototype to production. • You will architect scalable solutions and drive critical milestones to position the new department for rapid growth and potentially a spin-off to attract institutional backing.

Requirements

• You are based in Europe or the Americas (or open

to relocate/remote arrangements).

• You have a high-agency builder mindset, with proven domain expertise and the drive to take extreme end-to-end ownership.

• You have excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.

Join us to build cutting-edge technology and category-defining initiatives from the ground up!

Riasztás beállítása hasonló

állásokhoz

Al Research Lab Behavioral Scientist (100 % remote) (m/f/d), Budapest, Budapest, Hungary

Ki

Hozza a legjobb formáját a

Jelentkezés

Mentés