10:35 0

← Q data science

6

Skills & Qualifications

• Minimum of 3 years' proven experience within financial services or asset management, preferably across multiple asset classes and investment subject areas

• Strong analytical and quantitative skills, with the desire to solve investment problems and translate analysis into practical insights. Demonstrated experience in improving processes, analytics, and workflows through technology. Coding skills and/ or knowledge of Aladdin, Morningstar, Bloomberg, Tableau, VBA, SQL, and/or Python is expected, with a willingness to further develop these skills to enhance portfolio construction capabilities.

• Solid understanding of financial markets, investments (i.e. Fixed Income, Equities,

•

Alternatives) and key financial concepts (such as asset allocation, risk analytics, performance,

attribution etc.)

CFA and/or CAIA encouraged but not required.

• Consistent track record of academic achievement,

work ethic, and leadership.

• Fluent in English with excellent communication skills, able to communicate effectively with a range of internal and external partners, and able to explain complex topics to non-investment individuals, both verbally and in writing.

• Curious self-starter passionate about execution with results-oriented work ethic and professional disposition.

• Strong teammate who takes a collaborative and cooperative approach to tasks, experienced

working with multiple partners to deliver on projects on time and to a high standard, but can work independently.

• Organized and thorough, able to prioritise and multi-task quickly efficiently, adapting to new situations in a fast-paced environment.

• Being a strong fiduciary by ensuring the highest level of integrity and professionalism in every aspect of performance.

The salary range for Hungary is 13400000 -

20100000 HUF

Additionally, employees are eligible for an annual

discretionary bonus, and benefits including

healthcare, leave benefits, and retirement benefits.

BlackRock operates a pay-for-performance

compensation philosophy and your total

compensation may vary based on role, location,

and firm, department and individual performance.

Our Benefits

To help you stay energized, engaged and inspired, we offer a wide range of employee benefits including: retirement investment and tools designed to help you in building a sound financial future; access to education reimbursement; comprehensive resources to support your physical health and emotional well-being; family support programs; and Flexible Time Off (FTO) so you can relax, recharge and be there for the people you care about.

Our hybrid work model

BlackRock's hybrid work model is designed to

enable a culture of collaboration and

apprenticeship that enriches the experience of our

employees, while supporting flexibility for all.

Employees are currently required to work at least 4

Jelentkezés

2

Mentés