11:53 O

← Q data science

33

What You'll Bring To The Role

• Bachelor's or Master's degree in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Financial Engineering, Quantitative Finance, Computer Science, Economics, or Physics.

•

•

·

Knowledge of model risk management principles, quantitative modeling methodologies, and regulatory expectations.

Strong analytical and quantitative skills, including experience with Python, SQL, R, SAS, or similar analytical tools.

Ability to evaluate risks, assess controls, analyze data, and support audit execution activities.

• Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills with the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical audiences. • Relevant certifications such as CIA, FRM, CFA, CRMA, or CISA would be advantageous.

•

At least 2-4 years' relevant experience in model risk management, quantitative analytics, model validation, internal audit, risk management, or a related field would generally be expected to find the skills required for this role.

What You Can Expect From Morgan Stanley

At Morgan Stanley, we raise, manage and allocate capital for our clients - helping them reach their goals. We do it in a way that's differentiated - and we've done that for 90 years. Our values - putting clients first, doing the right thing, leading with exceptional ideas, committing to diversity and inclusion, and giving back - aren't just beliefs, they guide the decisions we make every day to do what's best for our clients, communities and more than

80,000 employees in 1,200 offices across 42 countries. At Morgan Stanley, you'll find an opportunity to work alongside the best and the

brightest, in an environment where you are supported and empowered. Our teams are relentless collaborators and creative thinkers, fueled by their diverse backgrounds and experiences. We are proud to support our employees and their families at every point along their work-life journey, offering some of the most attractive and comprehensive employee benefits and perks in the industry. There's also ample opportunity to move about the business for those who show passion and grit in their work.

Jelentkezés

Mentés