12:45 O

← Q data science

ill 49

Job Summary

Senior Robotics Engineer will bring business value to our clients through the

development, optimization, and implementation of robotics solution with a focus on the

advanced computer vision parts of it. Senior Robotics Engineer will use the latest

technologies and frameworks to create efficient and reliable robotic systems.

Key Responsibilities

• Integrate with Reality Capture solutions to read information from various

PointCloud formats (e.g., xyz, .rcp, .e57, .PTS) and video streams and convert

them into other formats as needed.

·

Potentially implement integration with reality capture solutions

• Develop object detection algorithms on Point Clouds and video stream in realtime typically with Nvidia Jetson or in the cloud with GPU-accelerated local/cloud clusters.

• Develop other advanced computer vision algorithms and enterprise integrations

•

working various corresponding recordings

Contribute to robot control algorithms development to enhance robotic

functionality.

• Work in, implement simulation scenarios to test and validate above algorithms.

• Integrate simulation environments with ROS/ ROS2 for seamless operation.

• Conduct performance tests and troubleshoot software issues.

• Collaborate with hardware engineers to ensure software-hardware compatibility.

Skill Requirements

Solid knowledge of Python programming, and with

leading computer vision

solutions, openness to learn and work with LVMs

(Large Vision Models).

• Experience with computer vision and Point Cloud processing.

•

Optionally experience with simulation frameworks

and ROS/ROS2.Professional

level of English (written and oral).

•

Excellent problem-solving, analytical, and

communication skills.

• Intelligent, communicative team-player

personality, interested in and willing to

learn new skills and technologies.

Team mentoring would be an added advantage.

Az álláshirdető által megadott

követelmények

• 2+ év munkatapasztalat: Computer Vision

·

3+ év munkatapasztalat: Python (Programming

Language)

Riasztás beállítása hasonló

állásokhoz

Senior Robotics Software Engineer, 13th

district of Budapest, Budapest, Hungary

Ki

Toborzással kapcsolatos betekintés zárolásának feloldása itt: HCLTech -

Hungary

▲ 12% alkalmazotti létszám növekedése

in

Egyszerű jelentkezés

Mentés